# Summary

This code numerically solves a system of N potentially coupled stochastic differential equations. In the code, the Brownian noise terms for each of the equations are allowed to be correlated. The code uses the Euler-Maruyama numerical scheme, which is analogous to Euler’s method from standard calculus, for solving the equations. Alternative numerical schemes that could easily be implemented include the Milstein method or the Leimkuhler–Matthews method. 

The required inputs for the code are the number of equations, the number of points to simulate for the solutions, the function prefactors for each of the stochastic differential equations, and the correlation matrix for the Brownian terms. The correlation matrix needs to be symmetric and positive definite to be sensible and may be given as an NxN identity matrix if the Brownian terms are not desired to be correlated.

The code works by first computing the Cholesky decomposition for the correlation matrix, which is used to construct the correlated Brownian terms. The code then computes the values for each of the simulated points by constructing N independent Brownian terms, building correlated Brownian terms from them using the Cholesky decomposition, and feeding this information along with the previous time-step’s values for the solutions to the stochastic differential equations into the Euler-Maruyama algorithm. 

One context in the literature which consists of a coupled system of two stochastic equations is the linear Kalman-Bucy Filter. In this case, one of the equations is supposed to represent the actual process and the other equation reflects information concerning the uncertainty in measurement of the process. From the theory of stochastic differential equations, this coupled system of equations reduces to a single stochastic differential equation whose coefficients are determined via a (deterministic) Riccati equation. The code presents more detail on the linear Kalman-Bucy filter in the comments and can reproduce the theoretical solution for the Kalman-Bucy filter as a special case. 
